fix: wait_timeout update for the best practices (#16453)
pingcap/docs: best-practices/java-app-best-practices.md

### Probe configuration

The connection pool maintains persistent connections to TiDB, if the version of TiDB:

> - Less than `v5.4`, does not proactively close client connections by default (unless an error is reported);
> - Equal or above than `v5.4`, it defaults to closing client connections after `28800` seconds of inactivity, which means `8` hours. You can control this timeout setting using the TiDB and MySQL compatible `wait_timeout` variable, see the [JDBC Query Timeout](/develop/dev-guide-timeouts-in-tidb.md#jdbc-query-timeout) document for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Before v5.4, TiDB does not proactively close client connections by default (unless an error is reported).
- Starting from v5.4, TiDB automatically closes client connections after `28800` seconds (this is, `8` hours) of inactivity by default. You can control this timeout setting using the TiDB and MySQL compatible `wait_timeout` variable. For more information, see [JDBC Query Timeout](/develop/dev-guide-timeouts-in-tidb.md#jdbc-query-timeout).
```
